Second brother, you can't speak for this kid
Dad, is this true?
Dad, talk to me
play tricks
Let me grow my eyes
Smooth surface
Soft to the touch
Clear texture
A faint fragrance
This is a century-old antique, right?
Oh, what a pity.
This is a copy.
A copy? How could this be a copy?
One look at the texture and two look at the age
This will be a centuries-old antique next year
Mom, this is the identification method you taught me.
How could this be a counterfeit?
dick
The old man has been collecting antiques for many years
Can't he see the truth?
Ye Feng, you spent a lot of thought
How dare you?
In front of so many powerful people
Send us a copy of the old lady.
I think you are just here to be ashamed.
Humiliating our Shangguan family
The smell of wine covers the sky
This is no ordinary imitation.
This wine smells good
I never smelled it